补充部分缺失内容 (#1635)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/components/label.md

| Underline Height | Height of underline.                                                                                                        |
| Cache Mode       | Text cache mode includes **NONE**, **BITMAP** or **CHAR**. Takes effect only for System Font or TTF font, BMFont does not require this optimization. See [Cache Mode](#cache-mode-new-in-v209) below for details. |
| Use System Font  | If enabled, **System Font** will be used.

> | Src Blend Factor      | The fetch mode of the source image when blending text images. Refer to: [BlendFactor API](../../../api/en/enums/BlendFactor.html), specific instructions can be found in section **Blend Mode Of System Font** below. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Src Blend Factor | The fetch mode of the source image when blending text images. Refer to: [BlendFactor API](__APIDOC__/en/enums/BlendFactor.html), specific instructions can be found in section **Blend Mode Of System Font** below. |
```

> | Dst Blend Factor      | The fetch mode of the target image when the two images are displayed together. Refer to: [BlendFactor API](../../../api/en/enums/BlendFactor.html), specific instructions can be found in section **Blend Mode Of System Font** below. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dst Blend Factor | The fetch mode of the target image when the two images are displayed together. Refer to: [BlendFactor API](__APIDOC__/en/enums/BlendFactor.html), specific instructions can be found in section **Blend Mode Of System Font** below. |
```

> For API interface of Label, please refer to [Label API](../../../api/en/classes/Label.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional details, please refer to the [Label API](__APIDOC__/en/classes/Label.html).
```
